Added logging documentation (#61)
PyDrocsid/cogs: moderation/logging/documentation.md

# Logging cog

This cog provides commands to set up the logging channels.

## `logging`

The `.logging` command is the main command for the logging cog. It uses 8 different subcommands, which also often have 2-3 subcommands.

If no subcommand is given, the .logging command shows the settings (channels, editing-range, etc)

```css
.[logging|log]
```

## `maxage`

> The `.maxage` configures a period after which old log entries should be deleted.

Reviewer: Please write "The `.maxage` command configures...

```css
.logging [maxage|ma] <days>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`days`|:heavy_check_mark:|Time after which the old messages should be deleted|

If the value of `days` is set to `-1`, the deletion of the log entries is deactivated.

## `exclude`

The `.exclude` command excludes channel from the logging function.

```css
.logging [exclude|x|ignore|i] <add / remove> <channel>
```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`add`|:heavy_check_mark:|Disables the log function for a channel|
|`remove`|:heavy_check_mark:|Activates the log function for a channel|
|`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel which should be in/excluded|

## Channel

A list of all channels with subcommands and purpose.

> ### Alart

Reviewer: Spelling: "alert"
Also, please write this lowercase
This is also not the format for subcommand headlines

Sends a message if an error occurs or if someone is channelhopping for example.

```css
.logging [alert|al|a]
```

> ### Changelog

Reviewer: Wrong headline format

Sends a message if some changes are made, for example creating a reaction role, kick, ban, report, mute, etc.

```css
.logging [changelog|change|cl|c]
```

> ### Message Edit

Reviewer: Wrong headline format

Sends a message if a message was edited.

```css
.logging [edit|e]
```

> #### Edit mindist subcommand

Reviewer: Wrong headline format

Sets a number for the minimum ammount that has to be changed to activate the event.

```css
.logging [edit|e] [mindist|md] <mindist>
```

> 

Reviewer: Other `.logging edit` subcommands are missing

### Message Delete

Sends a message if a message was deleted.

```css
.logging [delete|d]
```

### Member Join

Sends a message if a user joined the server.

```css
.logging [member_join|memberjoin|join|mj]
```

### Member Leave

Sends a message if a user leaveded the server.

```css
.logging [member_leave|memberleave|leave|ml]
```

> ### *__Subcommands (Channel)__*

Reviewer: Dont underline the heading

> #### channel

Reviewer: Wrong headline format

Sets the channel for the log (Has to be used for enable the logging channels after disabling)

```css

> .logging {Log-Channel} [channel|ch|c] <channel>

Reviewer: What should "{Log-Channel}" be? We dont do that, please use all "Log-Channels" as subcommands and list them as such.

> # Logging cog

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Logging
```

This cog provides commands to set up the logging channels.

## `logging`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The `.logging` command is the main command of the logging cog. It uses 8 different subcommands, which also often have 2-3 subcommands.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> If no subcommand is given, the command shows the settings (channels, editing-range, etc)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If no subcommand is given, the command shows the settings (channels, editing range, etc).
```

```css
.[logging|log]
```

## `maxage`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

The `.maxage` command configures a period after which old log entries should be deleted.

```css
.logging [maxage|ma] <days>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Arguments:
```

> |Argument|Required|Description|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column widths

> |:------:|:------:|:----------|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column widths

> |`days`|:heavy_check_mark:|Time after which the old messages should be deleted|

Reviewer 2: Adjust checkmark

> If the value of `days` is set to `-1`, the deletion of the log entries is deactivated.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the value of `days` is set to `-1`, the deletion of the log entries is disabled.
```

## `exclude`

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> The `.exclude` command excludes channel from the logging function. It has 2 subcommands.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `.exclude` command excludes a channel from the logging function. It has 2 subcommands.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

If no subcommand is given, the command shows a list with excluded channels.

```css
.logging [exclude|x|ignore|i]
```

### add

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Disables the log function for a channel.

```css
.logging exclude [add|a|+] <channel>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Arguments:
```

> |Argument|Required|Description|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |:------:|:------:|:----------|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel which should be excluded from logging|

Reviewer 2: Adjust checkmark

### remove

> Removes a channel from the exclude list.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Enables the log function for a channel.
```

```css
.logging exclude [remove|r|del|d|-] <channel>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Arguments:
```

> |Argument|Required|Description|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |:------:|:------:|:----------|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel which should be included in logging|

Reviewer 2: Adjust checkmark

> |`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel which should be removed from the excluded list|

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel which should be included in logging|
```

## `alert`

> Sends a message if an error occurs or e.g. if someone is moving through various channels.

Reviewer 2: The example is not an error

> Sends a message if an error occurs or if someone is channelhopping for example.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sends a message if an error occurs or e.g. if someone is moving through various channels.
```

```css
.logging [alert|al|a]
```

### channel

> Sets the channel for the log (Has to be used for enable the logging channels after disabling)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sets the channel for the log (has to be used to enable the logging channels after disabling).
```

```css
.logging alert [channel|ch|c] <channel>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Arguments:
```

> |Argument|Required|Description|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |:------:|:------:|:----------|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel which should be used for the alert log|

Reviewer 2: Adjust checkmark

### disable

Disables alert event logging.

```css
.logging alert [disable|d]
```

## `changelog`

Sends a message if some changes are made, for example creating a reaction role, kick, ban, report, mute, etc.

```css
.logging [changelog|change|cl|c]
```

### channel

> Sets the channel for the log (has to be used to enable the logging channels after disabling).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enables logging alerts and sets the channel to send the logs to.
```

> Sets the channel for the log (Has to be used for enable the logging channels after disabling)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sets the channel for the log (has to be used to enable the logging channels after disabling).
```

```css
.logging changelog [channel|ch|c] <channel>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Arguments:
```

> |Argument|Required|Description|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |:------:|:------:|:----------|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel which should be used for the changelog log|

Reviewer 2: Adjust checkmark

> ### disable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### `disable`
```

Disables changelog event logging.

```css
.logging changelog [disable|d]
```

## `edit`

Sends a message if a message was edited.

```css
.logging [edit|e]
```

### channel

> Sets the channel for the log (has to be used to enable the logging channels after disabling).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enables logging and sets the channel to send the logs to
```

> Sets the channel for the log (Has to be used for enable the logging channels after disabling)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sets the channel for the log (has to be used to enable the logging channels after disabling).
```

```css
.logging edit [channel|ch|c] <channel>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Arguments:
```

> |Argument|Required|Description|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |:------:|:------:|:----------|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel which should be used for the edit log|

Reviewer 2: Adjust checkmark

### disable

Disables edit event logging.

```css
.logging edit [disable|d]
```

### mindist

> Sets a number for the minimum ammount that has to be changed to activate the event.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sets a number for the minimum amount that has to be changed to activate the event.
```

```css
.logging [edit|e] [mindist|md] <mindist>
```

## `delete`

Sends a message if a message was deleted.

```css
.logging [delete|d]
```

### channel

> Sets the channel for the log (Has to be used for enable the logging channels after disabling)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sets the channel for the log (has to be used to enable the logging channels after disabling).
```

```css
.logging delete [channel|ch|c] <channel>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Arguments:
```

> |Argument|Required|Description|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |:------:|:------:|:----------|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel which should be used for the delete log|

Reviewer 2: Adjust checkmark

### disable

Disables delete event logging.

```css
.logging delete [disable|d]
```

## `member_join`

Sends a message if a user joined the server.

```css
.logging [member_join|memberjoin|join|mj]
```

### channel

> Sets the channel for the log (Has to be used for enable the logging channels after disabling)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sets the channel for the log (has to be used to enable the logging channels after disabling).
```

```css
.logging member_join [channel|ch|c] <channel>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Arguments:
```

> |Argument|Required|Description|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |:------:|:------:|:----------|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel which should be used for the member_join log|

Reviewer 2: Adjust checkmark

### disable

Disables member_join event logging.

```css
.logging member_join [disable|d]
```

## `member_leave`

Sends a message if a user left the server.

```css
.logging [member_leave|memberleave|leave|ml]
```

### channel

> Sets the channel for the log (Has to be used for enable the logging channels after disabling)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sets the channel for the log (has to be used to enable the logging channels after disabling).
```

```css
.logging member_leave [channel|ch|c] <channel>
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Arguments:
```

> |Argument|Required|Description|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |:------:|:------:|:----------|

Reviewer 2: Adjust column width

> |`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel which should be used for the member_leave log|

Reviewer 2: Adjust checkmark

> # Logging Cog

Reviewer: "Cog" in lowercase please

> This cog provides commands to setup the logging channels.

Reviewer: "to set up"

## `logging`

> The `.logging` command is the parent command for the logging category. He uses different sub-commands, which also often have sub-commands.

Reviewer: The command is not a masculine human being, so it must be "it" instead of "he".
How many subcommands (not sub-commands) are there?

> The `.logging` command is the parent command for the logging category. He uses different sub-commands, which also often have sub-commands.

Reviewer: maybe say "is the main command of the logging cog"

> If no subcommand is given, the `.logging` command shows the settings (Channels, edeting-range, etc)

Reviewer: Remove the "`"s around ".logging" (continuity!)
spelling: "editing"
channels should be lowercase

```css

> .[logging|log] [subcommand]

Reviewer: remove the "[subcommand]"

```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`subcommand`||The subbcommand|

Reviewer: No, the subcommands are no arguments, remove this please

> ## *Subcommands*

Reviewer: Do not announce the subcommands, just write them down

## `maxage`

> The maxage configures a period after which old log entries should be deletet. If the `days` parameter is set to `-1` the deleting after time is disabled.

Reviewer: spelling: "deleted"
also, put this line below the argument chart

> The maxage configures a period after which old log entries should be deletet. If the `days` parameter is set to `-1` the deleting after time is disabled.

Reviewer: "The .maxage command...

> The maxage configures a period after which old log entries should be deletet. If the `days` parameter is set to `-1` the deleting after time is disabled.

Reviewer: "The deleting after time" sounds totally wrong

```css

> .logging [maxage|ma] <days>

Reviewer: add the aliases for the logging command

```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`days`|:heavy_check_mark:|Time after which the old messages should be deleted|

## `exclude`

> This command excludes channel from the logging function.

Reviewer: The .exclude command...

```css

> .logging [exclude|x|ignore|i] <add / remove> <channel>

Reviewer: two separate entries for add and remove please

```

|Argument|Required|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|
|`add / remove`|:heavy_check_mark:|Indicates if a channel should be added (excluded) or removed (included) in the list of channels which are logged|
|`channel`|:heavy_check_mark:|The channel which should be in/excluded|

> ## Channel

Reviewer: One entry for every channel, because they are subcommands!

A list of all channels with subcommands and purpose.

|Name|Log-Channel|Purpose|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |Alert|`[alert/al/a]`|Sends a masse if an error occurs or if someone is channelhopping for example|

Reviewer: What is a "masse"?

> |Changelog|`[changelog/change/cl/c]`|Sends a message if some changes are made, for example crating a reaction role, kick, ban, report, mute, etc|

Reviewer: "crating"?

|Message Edit|`[edit/e]`|Sends a message if a message was edited|
|Message Delete|`[delete/d]`|Sends a message if a message was deleted|
|Member Join|`[member_join/memberjoin/join/mj]`|Sends a message if a user joined the server|
|Member Leave|`[member_leave/memberleave/leave/ml]`|Sends a message if a user leaved the server|

> ## *__Subcommands (Channel)__*

Reviewer: One entry for every subcommand!

|Command|Argument|Description|
|:------:|:------:|:----------|

> |`.logging {Log-Channel} [channel/ch/c] <channel>`| channel |Sets the channel for the log (Has to be used for enable the logging channels after disabling)|

Reviewer: use "|" instead of "/" for aliases
